### Individual Research Project
_Information Overload: A Decision Making Perspective_ by John Buchanan and Ned Knock uses quantitative and qualitative data to see what influences perceived information overload more: individual factors or task factors.They survey and interview 108 MBA students from the United States and Canada who interact with great amounts of information to see how it affects their decision making process. Individual factors were identified as poor prioritization, lack of organization, and decision making styles whereas task factors were classified as the amount of information one interacts with and time pressure. The findings concluded that people whose decisional scope is wider (focus on the big picture) perceived more information overload than people who approach the problem with decisional rationality (detail oriented). I am a bit skeptical as to how they were able to find the correlations between decisional scope or rationality and perceived overload. They did not go into detail about how they measure the scope or rationality levels of the subject. Did they put the subjects on a spectrum from detail oriented to big picture oriented? The findings demonstrate that the influence of individual and task factors are relatively equal (60% v. 40%, respectively) and that we can’t attribute perceived information overload to one or the other. 

In the context of our project, this research paper gives us more insight into why people have such a difficult time when presented with so much more information than asked for. I wish that our design could have considered the two types of problems: simplifying the information and filtering while keeping the information. Our design currently lacks filtering system for the event flares and just places them on a map relative to the user’s location. We could have implemented a list interface that allows filtering, or an event recommendation page that simplifies all the events based on preferences, location, or past attended events. I believe that our current design addresses task factors problems as RES consolidates the social event and housing authority information, making communication easier between people and administration a lot easier. This saves people time and lessens the amount of information they’d need to shift through. 
